Servus people welcome to my channel
and we come to another old one
with the video
This time I have a french team
do not prepare league one team
but a team full of French except
A position we believe in driving
gate we estimate steve mandanda 86
86 reflexes and also the other values
like you all look very very solid
all over 80 from the pace that needs
her not as a goalkeeper I had 3310
Paid and I think optimally there
you still worth so much
he is the number 1 in ours
French team we go with
defender infantry number one
is the lawn Puccini 74 tempo 81
defense 81 header
I have bought me a lot of 2100
meanwhile I had to turn around
The only worth 1,500 defenders
number two is kabul 77 tempo 80
defense 73 header
I would have paid 4000 companies
and now the two companies are worth it
if we are to the next to the third
the defenders
this is the sakko of paris for from 70
pace 78 defense 81 head times me
have paid 1200 film and around the 1000th
must still be worth it
it continues to be central as much with
Of course, you always like jan im
villa or something like that would be pronounced
77 speed 81 defense eighth 677
fit up to 12 at night and bought big
for cheap 701 come two central
defensive midfielder
that is warmer being 72 tempo 80
defense 62 header 79 fit like
also buys for very cheap ridiculous
800 defensive midfielder
So we come to the left
midfield player
he is not french but a go
him but it plays your france and
is definitely a very good one
player
this is the former ssc naples player
93 tempo 77 shoot 74 due 90
dribbling four stars special movement
four-digit weak foot I have for
27,000 bought 150 then would have to be like that
around the 20 and still squeeze web
be a very good left one
midfielder highly recommended so
we come to the centrally offensive
midfield player
because nasri of manchester city
84 tempo 76 shoot 84 pass 88
dribbling in the game is one
English team
He has the five play eleven goals
I have shot the others
No online game done against now
friends so private i have two teams
with the continuous games one is
this english team and the other one
team is with the bundesliga team that he
also certain soon to introduce soon
yes so the feeling constantly
social movement mind weak foot
As I said a lot 4050 paid well and
then it would still thumb thumb
I think I'm not sure
still be around the 40,000 world but
maybe I'm wrong too
Not
the midfielder the man about of
newcastle fifth a special move
for weak feet 83 speed 75
shoot 76 fit 86 72 header has in
All three play great for me
I bought for 6100 shot
but would only have around 5500 at the moment
be worth
we come to the two strikers striker
Number 1 if you look at real Madrid 85
pace 83 shoot 71 pass
84 dribble 76 head times now
Two goals are already playing for me in 22
made 69,000 I've paid a lot
I think he is still around sixty
worth so a second striker from the
Chemistry for 3200 coins bought 92 tempo
76 shoot 71 pass 78 84 header 4
star playtime movement there constantly
I did not pay any doubt
but I think he'll get it
meanwhile this is also for 1500 coins
my french team
it is not as cheap as that now
other teams have presented the city
that's why in the cut no price there
I hope that the team wrote
Like by write comment
leave us like by the mood
have you and see you next time